Fix Typos in Learn Pages (#1697)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn/documenting-ballerina-code.md

## Writing Ballerina Documentation

> Ballerina Flavored Markdown documentation is a first-class syntax in the Ballerina language. The `#` at the beginning of a line denotes a line of documentation. If necessary, you can have multiple lines of documentation, which you can group together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina Flavored Markdown documentation is a first-class syntax in the Ballerina language. The `#` at the beginning of a line denotes a line of documentation. If necessary, you can have multiple lines of documentation, which you can be grouped together.
```

Author: No need to have the passive voice form here.
